K8SMDB-1072 Documented the storage retention policy (#257)
percona/k8spsmdb-docs: docs/backups-restore.md

You can check available options in the [restore options reference](restore-options.md).

## Restore scenarios

This document covers the following restore scenarios:

* [Restore from a full backup](#restore-from-a-full-backup) - restore from a backup snapshot without point-in-time
* [Point-in-time recovery](#restore-with-point-in-time-recovery) - restore to a specific time, a specific or latest transaction or skip a specific transaction during a restore. This ability requires that you [configure storing oplog for point-in-time recovery](backups-pitr.md)
* [Selective restore from a full logical backup](#selective-restore)

--8<-- [start:backup-prepare]

## Before you start

1. Make sure that the cluster is running.
2. List the cluster to find the correct cluster name. Replace the `<namespace>` with your value:

    ``` {.bash data-prompt="$" }
    $ kubectl get psmdb -n <namespace>
    ```

3. List backups to retrieve the desired backup name. Replace the `<namespace>` with your value:

    ``` {.bash data-prompt="$" }
    $ kubectl get psmdb-backup -n <namespace>
    ```

--8<-- [end:backup-prepare]

## Restore from a full backup

> To restore your Percona XtraDB cluster from a backup, define a `PerconaServerMongoDBRestore` custom resource. Set the following keys:

Reviewer: this should say Percona Server for MongoDB cluster or something like that, not PXC

> To restore your Percona XtraDB cluster from a backup, define a `PerconaServerMongoDBRestore` custom resource. Set the following keys:

Author: ```suggestion
To restore your Percona Server for MongoDB cluster from a backup, define a `PerconaServerMongoDBRestore` custom resource. Set the following keys:
```
